Add devcontainer; restructure compose file (#8)
infratographer/loadbalanceroperator: README.md

## Development

> We highly encourage using the provided devcontainer provided in this repository. It is already configured with all of the appropriate tooling and will spin up the additional tooling you required including:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend using the supported `devcontainer` provided in this repository, other local setups are not supported (and your milage may vary). It is already configured with all of the appropriate toolings.  The provided development environment will spin up the additional tooling you required including:
```
